======== SAMPLE 1 ========
X: How does the Brooklyn STEAM Center work?
A: The Brooklyn STEAM Center is a partnership, operated by the Brooklyn Navy Yard Development Corporation, which is overseen by the Brooklyn Navy Yard Development Corporation. The Corporation is invested in supporting youth and young adults to meet their potential as potential partners in our industry by supporting internship programs, mentor-based learning opportunities, and industry-based projects.

Industry Partners (Businesses/ CBOs)
Q: How do industry partners typically participate?
A: Usually, partners work with us throughout the year by sitting on our Advisory Council, Hosting Interns, or smaller work-baed learning opportunities; “publishing peer-reviewed articles; “talking to interns; “advising them with technical questions; “regarding their concerns and offering their recommendations; “dialing them in”; “sending them recommendations; “dealing with their questions and offering their recommendations; “

Q: What’s the purpose of the Advisory Council? How often does it meet?
A: In order to execute strong programs that relate to real-world skills, we need your advice, as experts in the industry that are hiring our youth, we need to hear from you. Our Advisory Council is where we discuss these details to then iterate and revise our curriculum and opportunities. We typically meet semi-annually, in January and June, but invested members can choose to be tapped more often.

Q: When do you typically place interns with business? How long are the experiences?
A: We have three typical internship cycles, Fall (October-January), Spring (March-May), and Summer (July-August). Internships are usually between 80-120 hours each; in both cases, you are working with the intern to establish a schedule that works for both of you.

Q: What is the expectation around intern pay and workers’ compensation insurance?
A: Although we are always excited for partners that are willing to compensate interns, we understand that might not always be an option; regardless, all interns are compensated, and we will use our budget where available to pay the prevailing minimum wage rate. Workers’ compensation insurance is the responsibility of the organization that pays the scholar, so if we’re paying, we’ve covered the legality there.

Q: What will my potential intern be capable of doing?
A: Our scholars are enrolled in high-quality career pathway programs, you can read about their high-level overviews here. In addition, you will also have the ability to review their resume, portfolio, and industry certifications, and interview them to decide if there is a match.

Q: Explain the smaller work-based learning opportunities I can get involved with.
A: Beyond our internship program and industry-based project initiative, organizations may choose to schedule opportunities such as “Guest Speaking”, “Workplace Tours”, “Career Fairs”, “Job Shadowing” or “Mentoring.”

Higher Education (Colleges, Trade Schools Apprenticeships
Q: Where does postsecondary education fit in the Brooklyn STEAM Center model?
A: We believe that learning is a lifelong process, so we encourage our youth to start “Learning & Earning” when they’re with us and beyond, programs such as college, trade school, and apprenticeships are all viable options post-graduation.Q: Do you track students into a particular option?
A: No, we believe in supporting our youth with a pathway that works best with their needs. College, trade school, and apprenticeships all have their own advantages, that we present to our youth for them to make an informed decision.

Q: What if I don’t know what I want to do, but am psyched to get involved?
A: Let’s meet, we’d be happy to tour you around our facility and propose some potential collaborations, there can be benefits for both of us.

Q: What is the purpose of the Advisory Council? How often does it meet?
A: In order to execute strong programs that relate to real-world skills, we need your advice, as experts in the industry that are hiring our youth, we need to hear from you. In order to execute strong programs that relate to real-world skills, we need your advice, we’d be happy to tour you around our facility and propose some potential collaborations, there can be benefits for both of us.

Q: What should I do if I have any questions or concerns?
A: We have two recommendations, speak to your home school counselor and/or email our counselor. In addition, we have a contact point where we can reach out to our youth for assistance with application materials and interview requirements. In addition, organizations can submit a request
